[I2P.i2ptunnel]
source_file = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.cs = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_cs.po
trans.da = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_da.po
trans.de = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.hu = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_hu.po
trans.it = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_it.po
trans.nl = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.ru = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.sv_SE = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_sv.po
trans.uk_UA = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_uk.po
trans.vi = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_vi.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/i2ptunnel/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.routerconsole]
source_file = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.cs = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_cs.po
trans.da = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_da.po
trans.de = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_de.po
trans.el = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_el.po
trans.es = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_es.po
trans.et_EE = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_ee.po
trans.fi = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_fi.po
trans.fr = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.hu = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_hu.po
trans.it = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_it.po
trans.nl = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.pl = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_pl.po
trans.ru = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.sv_SE = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_sv.po
trans.uk_UA = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_uk.po
trans.vi = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_vi.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/routerconsole/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.i2psnark]
source_file = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.cs = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_cs.po
trans.de = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.hu = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_hu.po
trans.it = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_it.po
trans.nl = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.pl = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_pl.po
trans.pt = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_pt.po
trans.ru = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.sv_SE = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_sv.po
trans.vi = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_vi.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/i2psnark/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.susidns]
source_file = apps/susidns/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/susidns/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.cs = apps/susidns/locale/messages_cs.po
trans.da = apps/susidns/locale/messages_da.po
trans.de = apps/susidns/locale/messages_de.po
trans.el = apps/susidns/locale/messages_el.po
trans.es = apps/susidns/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/susidns/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.hu = apps/susidns/locale/messages_hu.po
trans.it = apps/susidns/locale/messages_it.po
trans.nl = apps/susidns/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.pl = apps/susidns/locale/messages_pl.po
trans.ru = apps/susidns/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.sv_SE = apps/susidns/locale/messages_sv.po
trans.uk_UA = apps/susidns/locale/messages_uk.po
trans.vi = apps/susidns/locale/messages_vi.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/susidns/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.desktopgui]
source_file = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_ar.po
trans.cs = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_cs.po
trans.da = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_da.po
trans.de = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_de.po
trans.el = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_el.po
trans.es = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.hu = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_hu.po
trans.it = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_it.po
trans.nl = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.pl = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_pl.po
trans.ru = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.sv_SE = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_sv.po
trans.uk_UA = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_uk.po
trans.vi = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_vi.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/desktopgui/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.susimail]
source_file = apps/susimail/locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.cs = apps/susimail/locale/messages_cs.po
trans.de = apps/susimail/locale/messages_de.po
trans.es = apps/susimail/locale/messages_es.po
trans.fr = apps/susimail/locale/messages_fr.po
trans.hu = apps/susimail/locale/messages_hu.po
trans.it = apps/susimail/locale/messages_it.po
trans.nl = apps/susimail/locale/messages_nl.po
trans.ru = apps/susimail/locale/messages_ru.po
trans.sv_SE = apps/susimail/locale/messages_sv.po
trans.pl = apps/susimail/locale/messages_pl.po
trans.uk_UA = apps/susimail/locale/messages_uk.po
trans.vi = apps/susimail/locale/messages_vi.po
trans.zh_CN = apps/susimail/locale/messages_zh.po

[I2P.debconf]
source_file = debian/po/templates.pot
source_lang = en
trans.cs = debian/po/cs.po
trans.de = debian/po/de.po
trans.el = debian/po/el.po
trans.es = debian/po/es.po
trans.it = debian/po/it.po
trans.hu = debian/po/hu.po
trans.pl = debian/po/pl.po
trans.ru = debian/po/ru.po
trans.sv_SE = debian/po/sv.po
trans.uk_UA = debian/po/uk.po

[main]
host = http://www.transifex.net

